c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\obj\Debug\ConnectToRobotStudio.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\obj\Debug\ConnectToRobotStudio.Form1.resources
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\obj\Debug\ConnectToRobotStudio.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\obj\Debug\ConnectToRobotStudio.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ConnectToRobotStudio.exe.config
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ConnectToRobotStudio.exe
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ConnectToRobotStudio.pdb
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.Controllers.PC.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.Math.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.Controllers.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.Documents.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.Environment.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.Stations.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.Stations.Forms.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.UI.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\RobotStudio.Services.RobApi.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\RobotStudio.Services.RobApi.Desktop.dll
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.Controllers.PC.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.Math.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.Controllers.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.Documents.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.Environment.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.Stations.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.Stations.Forms.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\bin\Debug\ABB.Robotics.RobotStudio.UI.xml
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\obj\Debug\ConnectToRobotStudio.exe
c:\users\derek\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConnectToRobotStudio\ConnectToRobotStudio\obj\Debug\ConnectToRobotStudio.pdb
